Maci on day one outside had to put the
muzzle on not because she did anything
wrong but this is the most freedom off
leash that she's had and I just want to
be certain Huskies in a dominant state
you can see that with the tail so I
don't want her starting anything with a
great day and the Great Danes and
perfect energy to macy without the
muzzle day one have complete trust in
her if I didn't have hundred percent
trust I wouldn't allow it just for my
dog sake just her in the rottie you see
her breathing patterns perfect tails not
in between the legs just getting in a
little more of a dominant state with
their tail up but anything
that's all right
Macy
new day one may see being headed by
someone she'd never met laying down
tails not in between the legs real good
or when she lays down in front of people
she doesn't know that means she's
trusting and Zeus is in the way here day
three on the walk walking right beside
and I don't even need the leash she
stays right beside me the whole time let
me see you can see she stays behind
herbicide
Alexei
on roller blades with Macy I met a
pretty good job basic
breathing pattern normal
using their nose a lot a little bit
fearful still but
getting better here's Macy walking with
steph she's been just walking beside her
the whole time same with Chloe and with
Zeus as usual pulling a little bitch but
tell with the tail she's not nervous at
all here's pretty low submissive just
doing a great job
here she is at the store real close to
the one of the employees here not in the
nervous state breathing patterns normal
ears down azusa just or treat a good day
Macy at petland
he's got quite a few people that she's
been introduced to mouth open tails not
in between the leg real good real good
energy walking walks right up to people
now